Q1: For each Principle of Universal Design. Write 2-5 sentences to explain
which features your program adhere to the principle.
Principle 1: Equitable Use
1. All functionalities of our program are open to all users by setting all the functions public to users.
2. All users have the identical privacy protections by setting all users information as private attributes.
Therefore, Our program adheres the Equitable Use Principle.

Principle 2: Flexibility in Use
1. Since all functionalities are set to be public, users could choose which one and when to use.
2. Then, we add some notifications (such as register/login), users know where to click to use some functionalities.
3. Moreover, our program is based on clicking for interaction,
   both left- and right-handed users could use it without problem.
Thus, Our program adheres the Flexibility in Use Principle.

Principle 3: Simple and Intuitive Use
1. Our program would give feedback (eg. success/failed) after they try to login/register.
   This helps users to understand which state they are in right now.
Possible Improvement:
We could add different language libraries into our program,
so that people not understanding English could also use our program.
Thus, Our program partially adheres the Simple and Intuitive Use Principle.


Principle 4: Perceptible Information


Principle 5: Tolerance for Error


Principle 6: Low Physical Effort


Principle 7: Size and Space for Approach and Use
The information that the screen shows is quite clear and it is easy for the users to use.
In addition, this program also allows more than one person to use. And they will not affect each other.
Moreover, the program can be used on the PC application, thus, the space used by the phone or computer
will be quite less.


Q2: Write a paragraph about who you would market your program towards.
Our program will focus on the people who like to do the sports or the people wo focus on their health body.
The program that we built can help people to track their lifestyles and offer some suggestions.
Not only the food but also the exercise. Once people combine these two aspects, they will become more healthy.



Q3: Write a paragraph about whether or not your program is less likely to be used by certain demographics.
Our program will not be used  by the older people. They may be not used to record their life using the phone.
However, their sons or daughters  may use this program to help. Moreover, the people who are not interested in
exercise, may not use this program.
